Multiple inheritance is tricky and can present an issue known as the diamond problem.
The diamond problem occurs when a class inherits from two base classes,
both of which themselves inherit from the same abstract class,
in which case, a conflict can emerge.
To make the diamond problem clearer,
let's look at an example.
In this example, we have
an abstract class vehicle which contains a pure virtual method move.
Both boat and car are classes that inherit from
vehicle and because vehicle is an abstract class,
boat and car, each have to implement the move method.
They might implement the move method differently.
A boat, for example,
moves differently than a car.
This is actually fine so far.
There are no problems here.
However, imagine that we want to create a new class,
amphibious car, that inherits from both boat and car.
In case you're not familiar with what an amphibious car is, here's a picture.
There are lots of fun photos on the internet that
you can dig up about different kinds of amphibious cars.
In our example, we have
our class amphibious car inherit from both public boat and public car.
The problem is that the amphibious car now inherits a move function
from both boat and car and those two move functions are going to conflict.
It's not clear which function should actually be executed
if the user of an amphibious car object calls the move method.